Adding grounding dino (#26087)
huggingface/transformers: README.md

1. **[GPTSAN-japanese](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/model_doc/gptsan-japanese)** released in the repository [tanreinama/GPTSAN](https://github.com/tanreinama/GPTSAN/blob/main/report/model.md) by Toshiyuki Sakamoto(tanreinama).
1. **[Graphormer](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/model_doc/graphormer)** (from Microsoft) released with the paper [Do Transformers Really Perform Bad for Graph Representation?](https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.05234) by Chengxuan Ying, Tianle Cai, Shengjie Luo, Shuxin Zheng, Guolin Ke, Di He, Yanming Shen, Tie-Yan Liu.

> 1. **[Grounding DINO](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/model_doc/grounding-dino)** (from <FILL INSTITUTION>) released with the paper [<FILL PAPER TITLE>](<FILL ARKIV LINK>) by <FILL AUTHORS>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **[Grounding DINO](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/model_doc/grounding-dino)** (from (Institute for AI, Tsinghua-Bosch Joint Center for ML, Tsinghua University, IDEA and others) released with the paper [Grounding DINO: Marrying DINO with Grounded Pre-Training for Open-Set Object Detection](https://arxiv.org/abs/2303.05499) by Shilong Liu, Zhaoyang Zeng, Tianhe Ren, Feng Li, Hao Zhang, Jie Yang,
Chunyuan Li, Jianwei Yang, Hang Su, Jun Zhu, Lei Zhang.
```
Make sure to run `make fix-copies` after this to update the other READMEs
